21st Century Wire says…
In early 2015, Big Pharma has declared war on vaccine dissent. In case you haven’t noticed over the last two weeks, US media outlets are running a highly coordinated and sensationalized propaganda campaign to hype-up a “national measles outbreak”, while demonizing any American parents that dare to question the efficacy and safety of any mass-produced vaccine product.
Back in 2000, the CDC announced that the United States achieved measles elimination. Since then, cases have been recorded in the US each year, culminating in 2014 where the CDC claims to have tracked 644 cases. Where are these cases really coming from? Clearly, measles do exist, but can they rightly say that recent cases in 2014 and 2015 constitute a “national outbreak”?
There is a visible backlash happening against parents who are challenging government and corporate vaccine orthodoxy. The US media’s latest ‘mandatory vaccination’ PR campaign was successfully launched nationwide following an “outbreak” incident at Disneyland, the Walt Disney theme park brand on January 7th (see the timeline of events here).
As a popular and recognizable children’s brand, Disneyland was crucial in propelling successful headlines that boldly declared, “Disneyland Measles Outbreak”. Even the President endorsed the campaign stating, “There is every reason to get vaccinated — there aren’t reasons to not,” Barack Obama told Today on Monday.
Today, CNN took an even more aggressive stance in promoting what the network is now touting as a “federal mandate”.
CNN’s Sanjay Gupta pressed hard on the new US Surgeon General Vivek Murphy about how vaccines “do not cause autism”. Host Jake Tapper continued heaping on the narrative by claiming, “When they [parents] opt-out [of vaccines] they put not only their children but other children at risk too”. Tapper later insisted that the federal government “needs to convince” parents that all vaccines “are safe”. The messaging being pushed here is as follows: “measles are currently ravaging the US and so we need all children to receive ALL vaccines mandated by the state”. That could total up to 49 or more vaccines per child.
What US authorities and media are hiding from the public is a disturbing phenomenon where the measles infection is actually spread through MMR (live measles-mumps-rubella vaccine). See a full and detailed report on this below.
 FEAR CAMPAIGN: The media used the family-friendly Disney brand to hype-up a non-existent “national outbreak”.
The reality, just like the US-based Ebola Hoax, is that there is no ‘national outbreak’. The CDC is currently promoting the idea that 2014 was a record year for measles in the US with approximately 644 cases out of a US population of 320 million. What the media is not telling you (surprise, surprise) is that the majority of those 644 plus cases originated from two specific sources: an Amish community and a group of travelers who entered the US from the Philippines. So when you eliminate those two sources, there was no ‘upward trend’ at all in the US in 2014.
In fact, the CDC’s own 2014 reports state: “The U.S. experienced 23 measles outbreaks in 2014, including one large outbreak of 383 cases, occurring primarily among unvaccinated Amish communities in Ohio. Many of the cases in the U.S. in 2014 were associated with cases brought in from the Philippines, which experienced a large measles outbreak. For more information see the Measles in the Philippines Travelers’ Health Notice.”
Regardless of the details and facts, the US media are touting the latest ‘outbreak’ in California, citing “102 children in California” who have been detected with measles, leading audiences to believe that these just cropped-up from nowhere and were a direct result of “unvaccinated children” who gave measles to other ‘vulnerable children’. Since the Disneyland outbreak story was released, US media outlets, including CNN, have been aggressively promoting the livestock term, “herd immunity”, effectively labeling American children as a herd of animals. Media and CDC spokespersons appearing on TV are insisting that this ‘herd immunity’ is merely the collective level of inoculation that protects even the unvaccinated.
‘Herd Mentality’
In reality, what the media are promoting is a “herd mentality”, ignoring how parents used to bring their young children together to catch chicken pox and measles etc, to guarantee lifetime immunity for their children. Of course, this is bad business for vaccine manufacturers who prefer that you pay them for a vaccine which will actually increase a recipient’s chances of contracting the said virus (see report below).
The psychological operation being deployed  here is fairly obvious –  first to berate and shame, and then to scare American parents into compliance with central government – a government that appears to be in collusion with Big Pharma on this issue. The message is clear: any parents who might have genuine personal and family health concerns regarding risky vaccines, are “putting the public safety at risk and therefore must comply”. In the wake of this crisis, US media are currently promoting a new class of laws that will eliminate a parent and student’s ability to obtain a ‘waiver’ for mandatory vaccinations. In other words, if you do not get all the vaccines which the state demands, then you will be breaking the law.
Meanwhile, the vaccine industry is funding their own studies which claim that their products are ‘safe’.
Also, the media appear to be subtly working to characterize measles as a fatal disease, when in reality, the vast majority of measles infections will run their course in just 7-10 days. Again, according to the CDC’s own records, the ‘record-breaking’ 2014 year which cited 644 cases, had ZERO deaths from measles. Contrast this to the Flu (influenza), where annual US deaths can range from anywhere between 3,000 and 49,000 per year, and it becomes clear that characterizing a ‘measles epidemic’ in the US is a complete fabrication.
With Disneyland media scare, it’s now been established at least half of the Disneyland children who allegedly caught measles WERE vaccinated. So what is really going on here?
As expected, the real story is the complete opposite of what you’re being told…
20 years ago, the MMR vaccine was found to infect virtually all of its recipients with measles. The manufacturer Merck’s own product warning links MMR to a potentially fatal form of brain inflammation caused by measles. Why is this evidence not being reported?
The phenomenon of measles infection spread by MMR (live measles-mumps-rubella vaccine) has been known for decades. In fact, 20 years ago, scientists working at the CDC’s National Center for Infectious Diseases, funded by the WHO and the National Vaccine Program, discovered something truly disturbing about the MMR vaccine: it leads to detectable measles infection in the vast majority of those who receive it.
Published in 1995 in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology and titled, “Detection of Measles Virus RNA in Urine Specimens from Vaccine Recipients,” researchers analyzed urine samples from newly MMR vaccinated 15-month-old children and young adults and reported their eye-opening results as following:
The authors of this study used a relatively new technology at that time, namely, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), which they believed could help resolve growing challenges associated with measles detection in the shifting post-mass immunization epidemiological and clinical landscape. These challenges include:
Twenty years later, PCR testing is widely acknowledged as highly sensitive and specific, and the only efficient way to distinguish vaccine-strain and wild-type measles infection, as their clinical presentation are indistinguishable.
Did the CDC Use PCR Testing On The Disneyland Measles Cases?
 The latest measles outbreak at Disney is a perfect example of where PCR testing could be used to ascertain the true origins of the outbreak. The prior assumption that the non-vaccinated are carriers and transmitters of a disease, and that the vaccinated are ‘immune’ has not been scientifically validated. Since vaccine strain measles has almost entirely supplanted wild-type, communally acquired measles, it is statistically unlikely that PCR tests will reveal the media’s hysterical storyline — “non-vaxxers brought back an eradicated disease!” —  to be true. Until such studies are performed and exposed, we will never know for certain.
Laura Hayes, of Age of Autism, recently addressed this key question in her insightful article “Disney, Measles, and the Fantasyland of Vaccine Perfection“:
“Has there been any laboratory confirmation of even one case of the supposed measles related to Disneyland?  If yes, was the confirmed case tested to determine whether it was ‘wild-type measles’ or vaccine-strain measles? If not, why not?
These are important questions to ask. Is it measles or not? If yes, what kind, because if it’s vaccine-strain measles, then that means it is the vaccinated who are contagious and spreading measles resulting in what the media likes to label “outbreaks” to create panic (a panic more appropriately triggered by our 25 year history of epidemic autism). It would be what one might call vaccine fallout.  People who receive live-virus vaccines, such as the MMR, can then shed that live virus, for up to many weeks and can infect others.  Other live-virus vaccines include the nasal flu vaccine, shingles vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, chicken pox vaccine, and yellow fever vaccine.”
Additional Evidence That the Vaccinated Are Not Immune, Spread Disease
The National Vaccine Information Center has published an important document relevant to this topic titled “The Emerging Risks of Live Virus & Virus Vectored Vaccines: Vaccine Strain Virus Infection, Shedding & Transmission.” Pages 34-36 in the section on “Measles, Mumps, Rubella Viruses and Live Attenuated Measles, Mumps, Rubella Viruses” discuss evidence that the MMR vaccine can lead to measles infection and transmission…
READ MORE VACCINE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Vaccine Files
