Americans, surely you can tell when something sounds too good to possibly be true!
Okay, my fellow Americans.  Time to turn off your TVs, put down your propaganda-papers (i.e. newspapers), and put on your thinking caps.  Vaccines are being touted as a quick fix, for everyone, regardless of age, weight, family history, or health status (before it can even be observed or determined in the case of fetuses, newborns, infants, and toddlers!), for an ever-growing number of infectious and non-infectious diseases, as though there are no adverse side effects or short- and long-term consequences to consider.  Clearly, there's a big problem with what people are being told and sold when it comes to vaccines.  Yet, worldwide, people are being manipulated by the false promise of the end to all disease with nothing more than a quick jab, pill, or spray up the nose.  Beware of being manipulated by such farce.  Here are a few facts and thoughts for you to consider, especially with regards to all of the Disneyland measles hype.
1.  Has there been any laboratory confirmation of even one case of the supposed measles related to Disneyland?  If yes, was the confirmed case tested to determine whether it was wild-type measles or vaccine-strain measles?  If not, why not?  These are important questions to ask. Is it measles or not? If yes, what kind, because if it's vaccine-strain measles, then that means it is the vaccinated who are contagious and spreading measles resulting in what the media likes to label "outbreaks" to create panic (strange how they've completely missed the Autism outbreak going on for the past 25 years). It would be what one might call vaccine fallout.  People who receive live-virus vaccines, such as the MMR, can then shed that live virus, for up to many weeks...and can infect others.  Multiply that in your head by all of the people who receive not only the MMR live-virus vaccine, but many others. Other live-virus vaccines include the nasal flu vaccine, shingles vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, chicken pox vaccine, and yellow fever vaccine.
It has recently been discovered that those who are vaccinated with the DTaP and TDaP vaccines, if subsequently exposed to and infected with pertussis, can then harbor pertussis in their throats, for weeks, which can then spread to others causing them to contract pertussis, even if the one harboring it in their throat remains asymptomatic.  Talk about a hidden disease vector!  Parents of infants should be wary of those who've received either of these vaccines, because if a DTaP or TDaP recipient is infected with pertussis, they may not know it, and since they might not have the telling cough, then no one else has any way to know they might be contagious and transmitting pertussis, either.  This certainly dismantles the "cocooning" theory that has been used to scare parents of newborns and infants into not permitting any adult, including Grandma and Grandpa, near their baby who hasn't had a TDaP booster.
Thus, it is often the vaccinated who are spreading disease, despite what the media tell you, media that are heavily supported and influenced by pharmaceutical advertising dollars.  Why aren't those who receive live-virus vaccines quarantined in their homes until it can be confirmed that they are no longer contagious with the diseases against which they were vaccinated? Why are they being allowed into schools, hospitals, grocery stores, and the like?  Why are those who have received the DTaP and TDaP vaccines not mandated to be tested for pertussis being harbored in their throats before being allowed near newborns and infants?
2.  Did you know that historical statistical figures for reported measles cases have been fraught with error?  For but one example, I will refer to doctor-diagnosed "measles" cases in the UK in the late 1990s, where a serious problem emerged.  A government scientist discovered that only 1 in 40 reported cases of measles was actually confirmed to be measles after lab testing. This discovery throws into question historical, and current, figures for measles. If reported cases are not required to be lab-confirmed, then this scientist’s discovery would lead us to believe that there has been gross over-reporting of measles cases, past and present.
Daily Telegraph 8 January 1997 London (Europe Today): "97.5% of the times that British doctors diagnose measles they are wrong", says a publication of the Public Health Laboratory service. The mistake being made by National Health GP's was found when the services tested the saliva of more than 12,000 children who had been diagnosed as having measles. Roger Buttery, an adviser on transmissible diseases at the Cambridge and Huntingdon Health Department, said that the majority of doctors "say they can recognize measles a mile off, but we now know that this illness occurs only in 2.5% of the cases." Buttery says that doctors classify as measles many other viruses that also cause spots. He found eight different viruses during the survey in East Anglia. One of them, parvovirus, gives symptoms similar to German measles. The reason for the high rate of error puzzled Buttery. "Doctors are neither vague nor careless," he said. The solution is to defer the diagnosis until more detailed information can be got. There are 5,000 to 6,000 cases of measles registered each year in the United Kingdom, but these findings now call most of them into doubt."
Geez, ever wonder if that might be happening at Disneyland, and beyond...and for multiple diseases against which we vaccinate, including the "flu"?
3.  Why isn’t the media reporting on the ineffectiveness and the dangers of the MMR vaccine, as exposed and evidenced by recent whistleblowers...2 from Merck, and 1 from the CDC? Again, one must ask why America's mainstream media have refused to report on these whistleblowers (can you say cha-ching from those non-stop pharma ads on TV and in the propaganda-papers), especially given the gravity of the vaccine research fraud they have exposed, and what that fraud means for parents making vaccine decisions, not to mention what it means for the vulnerable and innocent children receiving the vaccines.
4.  Why have parents been denied choice with regards to being allowed to choose monovalent vaccines over the trivalent MMR vaccine?  Ever since Dr. Andrew Wakefield dared to do the unthinkable...i.e. question a vaccine (gasp! like big pharma would ever sell a product that might cause problems, or death...gasp again!), in this case, the MMR vaccine...government officials and committee members decided they did not like the people questioning vaccines, so they colluded with Merck and other profiteers to stop the production of the monovalent measles, mumps, and rubella vaccines, forcing consumers to use the trivalent MMR vaccine (a 3-in-1 vaccine, which has the potential to be far more dangerous than individual vaccines given separately and at different times).
*See footnote at the bottom to see Merck's "explanation" of why they discontinued the monovalent M, M, and R vaccines.  Then, look up who comprises the ACIP (see anyone who might possibly have a conflict of interest, say someone who might just profit from the approval and sale of vaccines?).  Ask yourself who the "professional societies" might be, and if they by chance might just happen to greatly profit from vaccines and their numerous after-effects.  And those "scientific leaders", might they be scientists who work at or for Merck, or have a chair endowed for them by Merck? Last mentioned are customers.  Guess those customers who want to have a choice, and who want the 3 monovalent vaccines, don't matter much to Merck.
5.  Clearly, the MMR is not the highly effective vaccine it is touted to be, as evidenced by so many vaccinated individuals reportedly contracting the measles (and mumps, for that matter).  Nor is the MMR vaccine the highly safe vaccine it is touted to be, as evidenced by reports to the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System.  Many more people in the U.S. have died from this vaccine (and from the MMR-Varicella quadrivalent vaccine) than from the measles in the past 2 decades, and parents need to factor that fact into their decision whether or not to vaccinate their children. 
6.  If babies under age 12-15 months are contracting actual measles, one must ask 2 questions:  a.) Is the mom exclusively breastfeeding so that maternal immunity is being passed on to her baby?  If not, the baby misses out on important protection gained from its mother’s immunity, and may be more susceptible to illness. (I realize that not every mother is able to breastfeed. I have helped a mother who didn’t produce enough breastmilk to connect with other nursing mothers who were willing to share their surplus, which is something moms in this situation might want to consider).  If the baby was unable to nurse properly from the get-go, look no further than the effects of the birth dose of the Hep B vaccine, which has been shown to negatively affect innate infant reflexes needed to locate a mother’s breast and latch on to it.  b.)  If the mom was vaccinated with the MMR herself at any point, her ability to acquire and pass on natural, protective immunity to her infant via breastfeeding has been impaired, possibly ruined…meaning the vaccine is to blame, not the unvaccinated.
7.  If parents are taking their very young children to dirty, unsanitary places with thousands and thousands of people, they have made the choice to expose their children to multitudinous germs and illnesses from multitudinous people, leaving them in no position to finger point at others.  It can, and should, be argued that to the maximum extent possible, infants should be kept at home for the first few months of life and away from extremely crowded places for perhaps their first couple of years, giving their immune systems time to develop and mature. 
8.  If vaccines work, the vaccinated should be protected.  If they don't work, ask yourself why are you allowing them and exposing your child to such incredible risks?  Furthermore, if they don't work, as is often the case, feel free to have your child vaccinated again and again (no one is stopping you), but don't expect others to vaccinate their children with scores of products that have long track records of not working and of wreaking havoc.
9.  It was not ever, is not today, and will not be tomorrow my child's job to protect your child, in any way, shape, or form.  That is the parent's job.  Period.  Ask yourself who exactly is making these decisions as to which child is more worthy of living, since death and disability are possible consequences of both the disease and the vaccine.  Since there is a decision to be made, it should reside with the parent, or with the vaccine recipient, not with anyone else, and most certainly not with the ones profiting from vaccines, be it directly (pharmaceutical companies, doctors, and hospitals) or indirectly (elected officials, government regulators, and trade industry groups, all of whom enjoy plenty of big pharma dollars and perks).
10.  There is no longer any excuse, nor is it acceptable, for any parent, doctor, media person, elected official, or government regulator to state the false claims that vaccines are safe and effective.  They are neither, and not even one has ever been proven to be such.  As a matter of fact, "highly secret documents" from pharmaceutical companies, in addition to pharmaceutical company and CDC whistleblowers, continue to reveal and expose on a regular basis that vaccines are neither safe nor effective, and never have been. 
Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court has officially and legally declared vaccines to be "unavoidably unsafe”.  For those who find that a hard-to-decipher double negative, that means that vaccines are inherently dangerous, yet, they are mandated for children.  As a colleague of mine recently commented, “If you don’t have a choice about unavoidably unsafe products, what the hell choices do you have that are meaningful?”
It is also imperative to remember that in 1986, the U.S. Congress was foolish enough to cave in to a bunch of whining vaccine-making pharmaceutical companies who said they weren't going to make vaccines anymore because they were losing so many costly lawsuits due to their vaccines killing and maiming people.  This whining, no doubt paired with lobbying, resulted in Congress indemnifying vaccine-making pharmaceutical companies, and those who administer vaccines, from liability for injuries and deaths caused by vaccines.  Yes, you heard that correctly.  Not Liable.  With that Act of Congress, any incentive or means of accountability to make a safe vaccine product flew right out the window.
It is critical for any person who is considering vaccination for themselves, their children, or those in their care, such as elderly parents, to take the time to educate himself/herself regarding vaccine history, vaccine ingredients, vaccine adverse events, vaccine trials, vaccine research fraud, vaccine injuries, and vaccine deaths.  Vaccination is a risky medical procedure, and as such, it should not be entered into lightly or without due diligence.
11.  Vaccine mandates for children are extremely age discriminatory, and parents should begin to sue over this fact. Notice that those doing the mandating aren't rolling up their sleeves and pant legs, and dropping their drawers, for 70+ dastardly vaccine cocktails.  Rather, they sit back and order that infants, toddlers, and young children be shot up to hell and back, stripping parents of their rights and freedoms, just so long as those pharmaceutical companies keep filling their campaign coffers and providing perks.
12.  It is time to stop delegating your health care decisions to your pediatrician and instead become your own expert.  Your child is counting on you.  Your child's pediatrician is not the vaccine expert you think he/she is.  Their "vaccine training" in medical school, reported to be as brief as 2 hours, revolved around learning how and where to give a tiny baby up to 12 vaccines at one time from 8 syringes.  Once you allow the toxic cocktails of heinous vaccine materials to enter your child's body, you can't retrieve them.  They have now entered a closed system, a system which includes your child's brain, nerves, and blood, during critical developmental periods. Think about that.  Think hard.  There is no do-over.  Trust me, I speak from experience about the no do-over part.
13.  Glimpse of our future, which has actually already arrived.  Have you thought about who is going to be able to defend our country now that we have children being environmentally injured to the extent of 1 in 6 having a neurodevelopmental disorder (that's code name for brain damage), 1 in 11 having asthma, 1 in 12 having food allergies (some of which are life-threatening, and all of which are life-altering), 1 in 50 having Autism, 1 in 400 having Type 1 Diabetes, many having GI and colon problems, seizure disorders, etc.? 
Here's how it's going to look when the alarm sounds and our health- and development-impaired young Americans are called to battle:  "Wait!  I need to grab my EpiPen!"  "Well, I need my inhaler."  "I need gluten-free, casein-free, soy-free to-go meals!”  "I can't find my prescription meds!"  "NO ONE can bring peanuts, or any tree nuts for that matter, on this mission!"  "Oh no! My insulin pod just fell off, and I don't have a new one to put on!"  "I'm having chronic diarrhea, so I can't come along today!"  "Well, I haven't pooped for a month and my stomach is killing me, so I can’t go either!”  "I can't follow more than 2 instructions at once, so I'm already confused and we haven't even left yet."  And then there are the ones who can’t talk at all, aren’t toilet-trained, and who have the skill level of a toddler…they won’t be eligible to serve in any, way, shape, or form.  Apparently, the military is already experiencing this, and has written a report titled Ready, Willing, and Unable to Serve.  This is our future, folks.
Tragically, these same issues have affected our kids' back-to-school-supplies. Instead of scissors, crayons, and pencils, it's EpiPens, inhalers, insulin, prescription meds, special foods, and lengthy IEPs.
14.  If you still are not getting the picture, then please hotfoot it over to your nearest elementary, junior high, or high school and ask to see the special education classrooms (that's right, plural, classrooms).  Notice how many kids are in each one.  Notice how oddly behaved they are.  This is our new normal.  Vaccinate your child, and you'll stand a good chance of experiencing firsthand what I'm talking about.
15.  A warning, one I wish had been issued to me back in 1992:  Beware of those "well-baby" appointments.  Your baby may never be well again if you allow him/her to be vaccinated.
Please don't be led like a lamb to the slaughter with your baby in hand, and a fistful of syringes in the nurse's hand...syringes destined for your tiny baby's developing body, ready to destroy its immune system, nervous system, neurological development, and health, all in one fell swoop.  Those syringes might even take your child's life. 
Don't be manipulated.  Be responsible for making your own well-researched decisions.
Laura Hayes
Mother of Vaccine Injured Children
Passionate about educating others and encouraging them to learn about the myriad dangers and inefficacies of vaccines, the fallacy of the theory behind them, and the vast web of fraud and deception involved in supporting and mandating them
*Footnote, on Merck letterhead:
October 21, 2009   
Dear Health Care Provider:
Monovalent vaccines no longer available for measles, mumps, rubella
Based on input from the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP), professional societies, scientific leaders, and customers, Merck has decided not to resume production of ATTENUVAX® (Measles Virus Vaccine Live), MUMPSVAX® (Mumps Virus Vaccine Live), and MERUVAX®II (Rubella Virus Vaccine Live). This science-based decision will support vaccination of the largest group of appropriate individuals.
If some of those people in Disney were baby boomers than they would not have had any MMR or single measles shot. Factor in people who hadn't had a shot since the LMV of 1967, people from other countries that don't require all of the shots that the US does, that would be between 25-28 other countries and since Disney is the number 1 tourist destination on the planet you can imagine all the people from different countries merging on that one location who haven't had the MMR either because it wasn't required or they were exempt.  Also, since Dr. William Thompson's confession about the MMR study being manipulated school immunization rates were down last fall (according to the many pants on fire news outlets) so there were most likely a lot of kids from the US who didn't have that booster shot last fall and I can't see all the parents getting those adult boosters. I would say the number of children who are vaccinated have nothing to do with the fact that tens of thousands didn't get measles.  The measles virus can live for up to two hours on a surface or in an airspace where the infected person coughed or sneezed.  Disney is huge and their sanitation standards used to be pretty high. I know the last time my family was there the staff was constantly cleaning, sweeping, wiping down door knobs, rails, table, benches etc. 
Thank you Eindeker. 4 fully MMR vaccinated cases out of 52 represents a current vaccine failure rate of 7.6%. This is disgraceful, considering parents were and are promised a near 100% immunisation status after administration of 2 MMR vaccine doses. I note another 2 cases were known to have received one measles vaccine dose.
Of the other measles cases, (quote) "28 (55%) were unvaccinated, 17 (31%) had unknown vaccination status, and 6 (12%) were vaccinated. Of the 6 cases vaccinated, 2 had received 1 dose and 4 had received 2 or more doses. Among the 28 unvaccinated cases, 5 were under age for vaccination."
The 17 cases with unknown vaccination status, (i.e. no documentation), might well have been vaccinated in infancy or later. It is wrong to assume they are unvaccinated, just because the 'paperwork' is missing. 
The 5 cases too young to be vaccinated, were babies younger than one year old, and no blame attaches to their parents for their babies' becoming infected. It's a pity vaccination has now destroyed the maternal placental/ breast feeding conferred immunisation, which previously protected babies for their first year of life.
It's no use blaming 'unvaccinated' persons for vaccine failures. If you remove the babies from the 28, stated unvaccinated cases, then we are left with 23, less than half of confirmed cases, and there might well be good reasons for them being unvaccinated, i.e. immune compromised etc. Some will have chosen not to vaccinate, preferring a transient disease conferring lifelong immunity, to the dangers of vaccinations.
In particular, it seems the vaccine is particularly ineffective against measles genotype B3. (quote) "During the last 6 months, identical genotype B3 viruses were also detected in at least 14 countries and at least 6 U.S. states, not including those linked to the current outbreak."
One of the tragedies of vaccines and service members is how disproportionately the families of armed service members are affected by vaccine mandates. Service members lose their right to be exempt from vaccines the moment they sign up, and their subsequent families pay the price twice-over. The soldiers are first affected by the initial onslaught of shots, and children born afterwards are documented by our own DOD to be TWICE AS LIKELY as their civilian counterparts to be autistic. Worse yet, children of military families who are on military insurance plans receive significantly less funding for therapeutic services than their civilian counterparts. There are a mind-blowing number of families with 3 or more generations of distinguished military service, where there are now no more children in the family physically capable of continuing service to our country. This is absolutely criminal.
I loved the article.  I laughed out loud at paragraphs 11 and 13. Would like to add Dr. Tetyana Obukhanych Talk at Aligned Chiropractic in Kelowna B.C. March 2013 youtube video to the conversation.  A Stanford-trained immunologist, she realized when she immigrated that she had been vaccinated twice for measles, yet had had measles when she was eleven. That started her questioning what she was being taught (i.e., thinking for herself).  I think her video is good at explaining why vaccination does not always provide any immunity and giving parents more information in weighing the pros and cons.  
Also, from what I have read, adding chicken pox vaccine to the MMR doubles the risk of febrile seizure, or adds one febrile seizure per 1000.  Many may not know that. The risk is lessened even when both MMR and chickenpox vaccine are given on the same day but at different injection sites.  Why would this be when the varicella vaccine alone is usually not harmful? There seem to be a lot of things we do not know yet about how live viruses interact, as Dr. Wakefield suggested.  
Dr Iannelli - You can't blame folks for being confused, regarding the high number of circulating measles strains. It was you after all, who pointed out the prevalence of the B3 measles genotype in the Disney cases. For the record, the measles vaccine uses A genotype strains, and yes the vaccine 'works', since measles cases have become rare since the vaccine's introduction during the 1960s. 
The concerns expressed here are not about whether or not the measles vaccine 'works', but the overall efficacy of the vaccine. The Disney cases have revealed an alarming proportion of vaccinated persons amongst those infected measles cases. This is surely a matter for public concern, since parents were initially promised lifelong immunity from measles after only ONE vaccine dose. The boosters were introduced to 'mop up' the 5% or so admitted cases where the initial vaccinations failed to 'take'. 
The Disney cases are just one example of measles outbreaks occurring in highly vaccinated populations. There have been outbreaks in highly vaccinated populations all over the world. It's time to stop blaming Dr Wakefield, for measles outbreaks happening more than 15 years after the publication of the Wakefield et al Lancet paper, which only caused a temporary dip in vaccinations, which soon recovered to previous vaccination levels of >90%. 
Yes there IS a conspiracy - an official conspiracy of misinformation and silence about the REAL causes of these measles outbreaks. The WHO monitores measles outbreaks worldwide and the spread of individual measles genotypes. So why were we NOT told in the UK about those 10 persons from the Philippines who arrived on our shores infected with B3 measles, and presumably caused at least some of the much hyped measles outbreaks. What did this have to do with Dr Wakefield? - a doctor who always strongly advocated measles vaccinations, albeit with single measles vaccines.
If the MMR measles vaccine component is failing, like the mumps component, to protect against these diseases long term, then a complete re-think  about measles immunisation is necessary and long overdue. It won't 'do' to tell people to get an MMR jab every time they visit a theme park. People are not stupid, and these recent measles outbreaks, in Disney, Wales, Japan and elsewhere, are revealing what my generation has always known. The vast majority of healthy children soon recover from measles, with lifelong immunity.   
Dr Iannelli Vincent pointed out that the measles viral strain is genotype B3 virus. Researching the link that Jenny Allen provided to the WHO, genotype B3 measles cases appears to be the circulating strain in travellers returning from the Philippines since late 2013, including Australia, Canada, Italy, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States.”  BTW, the title page on the WHO webpage is: 
 Ongoing increase in measles cases following importations, Japan, March 2014: times of challenge and opportunity.  
Yes the opportunity to terrorize more people into getting this jab and the pharmaceutical companies, which I'm sure members of WHO have substantial stock in, more profits. 
I went to the CDC's webpage on Measles and these are the 19 genotypes detected since 1990:
B3 is in this series so I imagine that since they have been able to type the genotypes all of them may be in circulation, theoretically of course.  
Here are the Vaccine Strains:
 *Vaccine strains Moraten, Edmonston, Zagreb are all genotype A.
 There were 2 putative wild-type cases of measles identified as genotype A in 2008.
 -During 2011, 8 genotypes were identified by global surveillance:
"A" strains are in the MMR that they have been pushing since who know when but at least since 1990 it's been know by the WHO & CDC that other strains were more than likely circulating.  It's been know since 2013 that the strain was B3.  If B3 is the strain circulating why is the WHO & CDC pushing a genotype A strain vaccine onto people?
I look at like this:  If you want to create a global pandemic than what you do is give people the wrong vaccine knowing it would not stop the circulation of the illness and most likely will mutate into another form which will enhance the urgency of:
 1.convincing more people to take the jab which will increase profits and add to the continuing decline of the public health overall but increase the financial bottom line of the profiteers. 
 2.convince the populace that more government control over the health care choices of it's citizens should be left in the hands of government officials who would make all vaccines mandatory.
 3.convince the uninformed that "unvaccinated" people are a threat to the public health which would continue to polarize the Vaccinated against the UnVaccinated.  This is a divide and conquer tactic because the media is in the back pocket of the government and big pharma so opposing information is suppressed. The Vaccinated would become the champions for the government, CDC, and the pharmaceutical industry- as they have become over the last 5 years.  Boon for the poison makers-these people are doing it for free. 
 4.it will give big pharma a firmer foundation to ask for more government money to research a "definitive or universal measles vaccine" under the guise of maintaing the public as well as the global health. 
 5.it will open the doors for big pharma to acquire more state & US congresspeople and senators onto their payrolls. OOPS- I mean give more campaign donations and possibly the opportunity to become a pharma lobbyist once they leave their government job. (think of Eric Cantor on Wall Street now.  He has been well rewarded for his services.  Another that comes to mind-Julie Gerberding)  What government official wouldn't want to be seen as a hero to their constitutes as one of the people that supported the eradication of a terrible horrifying killing childhood illness such as measles.
What we are witnessing is Henry Kissingers plan in action.
Dr. Gregory Poland stated in his two papers in 1994 & 2102 that the present and apparently past vaccines for measles doesn't work.  (It never worked and there is no scientific data to confirm that it did). Poland is Professor of Medicine and founder and leader of Mayo Clinic’s Vaccine Research Group
 1994: Arch Intern Med. 1994 Aug 22;154(16):1815-20.
 Failure to reach the goal of measles elimination. Apparent paradox of measles infections in immunized persons.  Conclusion: The apparent paradox is that as measles immunization rates rise to high levels in a population, measles becomes a disease of immunized persons. Because of the failure rate of the vaccine and the unique transmissibility of the measles virus, the currently available measles vaccine, used in a single-dose strategy, is unlikely to completely eliminate measles. The long-term success of a two-dose strategy to eliminate measles remains to be determined. 
 2012:Poland- "The measles vaccine has failed", he explained two years ago in a prescient paper, “The re-emergence of measles in developed countries.” In that paper, he warned that due to factors that most haven’t noticed, measles has come back to be a serious public health threat. Poland sees the need for a major rethink, after concluding that the current measles vaccine is unlikely to ever live up to the job expected of it: “outbreaks are occurring even in highly developed countries where vaccine access, public health infrastructure, and health literacy are not significant issues. This is unexpected and a worrisome harbinger — measles outbreaks are occurring where they are least expected,” he wrote in his 2012 paper, listing the “surprising numbers of cases occurring in persons who previously received one or even two documented doses of measles-containing vaccine.” During the 1989-1991 U.S. outbreaks, 20% to 40% of those affected had received one to two doses. In a 2011 outbreak in Canada, “over 50% of the 98 individuals had received two doses of measles vaccine.”
"he warned that due to factors that most haven’t noticed, measles has come back to be a serious public health threat"
 -First, I don't believe that measles is a serious health threat. I think if you're a researcher and you're firmly in the pro-vaccine camp and you want to stay on their good side, you continue the "con" in your paper by stating that childhood illness are a health threat.  Dr. William Thompson stated that he fully support vaccines BUT this is the fraud that the CDC committed stating that the vaccines cause damages. It's the basic CYA.
When Poland wrote: "he warned that due to factors that most haven’t noticed", he never stated what those factors are.  Why?  Might it be he knew prior to 1994 that the circulating strain of measles was not what was in the vaccines being given around the world? If's he's the best of the best as I have read I'm sure he knew. It's pointless to mull over why he remains silent but guilt has a way of seeping out and I think Poland has been saying it without saying it. 
"A" strain vaccine-B3 strain circulating virus.  No wonder there have been outbreaks of measles in highly vaccinated populations. It does work.  Just not for the populace.  
Don't forget:
 Merck is sued by former virologist employees for deliberately falsifying mumps vaccine efficacy studies.
Judge: Lawsuit Against Merck’s MMR Vaccine Fraud to Continue
 Merck is the only manufacturer licensed by the FDA to sell the mumps vaccine in United States, and if it could not show that the vaccine was 95 percent effective, it risked losing its lucrative monopoly, according to the complaint.  (court document at webpage)
That’s why Merck found it critically important to keep claiming such a high efficacy rate, the complaint states.
Under Protocol 007, Merck did not test the vaccine’s ability to protect children against a “wild-type” mumps virus, which is “the type of real-life virus against which vaccines are generally tested,” the complaint states.
Instead, Chatom says, Merck tested children’s blood using its own attenuated strain of the virus.
“This was the same mumps strain with which the children were vaccinated,” the complaint states.
That “subverted” the purpose of the testing regime, “which was to measure the vaccine’s ability to provide protection against a disease-causing mumps virus that a child would actually face in real life. The end result of this deviation … was that Merck’s test overstated the vaccine’s effectiveness,” Chatom claims.
Merck also added animal antibodies to blood samples to achieve more favorable test results, though it knew that the human immune system would never produce such antibodies, and that the antibodies created a laboratory testing scenario that “did not in any way correspond to, correlate with, or represent real life … virus neutralization in vaccinated people,” according to the complaint.
You have a 3 part injection that suppose to work in "harmony" with each other.  Measles strain is not working says one scientist.  Mumps strain not working says other scientist.  2 part out of 3 don't work.  This is like putting a 1930 carburetor into a 2015 car.
Cia says :- "Gareth may have had atypical measles, possibly because he HAD been vaxed, which often presents with no rash and is a lot more serious than normal measles."
Yes possibly Cia, but to be blunt I simply don't believe a single word put out by the Welsh Health Authorities about those Jan-May 2013 Welsh measles cases, including those statements about Mr Colfor-Williams' medical case. They were quite DESPERATE for a measles death, having spent months spreading doom and gloom about measles, including certain death predictions, and ridiculously overhyped false measles statistics.
Some healthy looking Welsh children were interviewed on TV saying how terrible their measles experiences were, but statistically less than a fifth of those notified measles cases were actually lab confirmed, and I'm suspicious about those too. If these children DID have measles they will be immune for life, and the girls will be able to protect their future babies during their first year of life with placental/ breast milk conferred measles immunity. I found it significant, but utterly reckless on the part of the Welsh Government, to recommend MMR vaccinations for ALL babies over 6 months old (contraindicated on vaccine inserts), the babies were STILL to get another MMR vaccination at the normal 12-18 months period. Those so called 'measles victims' were advised to get MMR vaccinations too.
Gareth had been in hospital for a week, being treated for severe asthma, before being discharged. A week or so later he was so seriously ill, his worried Mum, took him to the local NHS primary care doctors (GPs), begging for him to be readmitted to hospital. His Mum says then there was no rash, and the doctors just sent him home and advised Paracetamol to ease his symptoms. He died shortly afterwards, from respiratory failure caused by overwhelming pneumonia. The GPs apparently failed to notice this, or how ill this young man was at the time. I think most people would regard this as medical negligence. If Gareth had been admitted to an intensive care unit at his local hospital, he might have survived.
Later Gareth was stated to have had measles, by the Welsh Authorities, who have manipulated this death as a measles death in official statistics. (The Coroner recorded, the measles MIGHT have caused the pneumonia, but the severe asthma and Gareth's weakened immune compromised state were just as likely causes). The Coroner did not ask for a lab measles confirmation at the Inquest, but took the Health Authorities word as gospel. Maybe he shouldn't have.
If -and for me still an IF- Gareth had measles at the time of his death, then the time scale strongly indicates he was infected during his week in hospital being treated for asthma. Again we were told in the press and media, other 'measles' cases had been 'hospitalised'. I would like to know what steps were taken to protect other patients from cross infection in the hospital, particularly extremely vulnerable patients like Gareth.
Of course, we will never get answers to any of these questions, but I sincerely hope and pray Gareth's family members have been properly compensated by the NHS for the deficiencies in his medical care. I also felt Gareth and his family members were 'smeared' by a very nasty Press and Media at the time. Remember, Gareth's Mum stated she had him vaccinated against measles when he was a child. I would believe her word over those Welsh spokespersons any day!
JohnQPublic :they do it because an immunized child is healthier, and costs them less money per year than a non-immunized one.
 1976: 1 child in 30 was learning disabled 
1980: 1 child in 27 had asthma 
 →2013: 1 child in 9 has asthma. 
1990’s: 1 child in 555 developed autism 
 →2013: 1 child in 50 develops autism. 
2001: 1 child in 500 had diabetes 
 1953: CDC recommended 16 doses of 4 vaccines (smallpox, DPT) between two months and age six. 
 1983: CDC recommended 23 doses of 7 vaccines (DPT, MMR, polio) between two months and age six. 
Over 50% of children have a chronic condition and 1 in 6 have a neurodevelomental disorder (aka vaccine caused brain injury). Autism and autoimmune disorders are skyrocketing. Injecting aluminum, mercury, aborted fetal tissue, formaldehyde, MSG, diseased monkey kidney, etc. does not bring health.
ABSTRACT OBJECTIVE: To fill gaps in crucial data needed for health and educational planning, we determined the prevalence of developmental disabilities in US children and in selected populations for a recent 12-year period.
PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: We used data on children aged 3 to 17 years from the 1997–2008 National Health Interview Surveys, which are ongoing nationally representative samples of US households. Parent-reported diagnoses of the following were included: attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; intellectual disability; cerebral palsy; autism; seizures; stuttering or stammering; moderate to profound hearing loss; blindness; learning disorders; and/or other developmental delays.
RESULTS: Boys had a higher prevalence overall and for a number of select disabilities compared with girls. Hispanic children had the lowest prevalence for a number of disabilities compared with non-Hispanic white and black children. Low income and public health insurance were associated with a higher prevalence of many disabilities. Prevalence of any developmental disability increased from 12.84% to 15.04% over 12 years. Autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and other developmental delays increased, whereas hearing loss showed a significant decline. These trends were found in all of the sociodemographic subgroups, except for autism in non-Hispanic black children.
CONCLUSIONS: Developmental disabilities are common and were reported in ∼1 in 6 children in the United States in 2006–2008. The number of children with select developmental disabilities (autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and other developmental delays) has increased, requiring more health and education services. Additional study of the influence of risk-factor shifts, changes in acceptance, and benefits of early services is needed.
-Unfortunately, there are not very many studies in today’s literature that compare the health of vaccinated and unvaccinated children. However, the few do indicate that unvaccinated children suffer far less in today's "normal" diseases such as eczema, asthma, ADHD, etc., as vaccinated children. Within the existing studies one must also consider that parents, who do not vaccinate their children, often use alternative therapies such as homeopathy.
A German study released in September 2011 of about 8000 UNVACCINATED children, newborn to 19 years, show vaccinated children have at least 2 to 5 times more diseases and disorders than unvaccinated children.
 "During the most recent 12-month period (January 2013 to December 2013) the 30 EU/EEA countries conducting measles surveillance reported 10 271 cases. Twenty-five of the 30 contributing countries reported consistently for the 12-month period. Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Romania and the United Kingdom accounted for 91% of the cases in this period."
My comment -OK we are now down to 6162 so called confirmed measles cases, Europe wide.
Eindeker- Pre measles vaccine 'historical' measles notifications and deaths are at best mainly estimates, and most of these cases will not have been lab confirmed, including the 'deaths' which will not have been from measles, but complications assumed to have arisen from it. I lived through the 40s and 50s and remember virtually EVERY child contracting measles then. Parents were far more concerned about diptheria, polio and TB, and were relieved to have us vaccinated. Scarlet fever, was also rife, but newly introduced antibiotics, penicillin and streptomycin, dealt with that. I don't remember any measles disabilities or deaths amongst the hundreds of children in my schools.
There's no question measles vaccinations, introduced into the UK in 1968, have kept down the numbers of measles infections. The link you provided is for NOTIFIED measles cases in England and Wales. These numbers are far higher than lab confirmed cases.   
The two UK measles deaths post MMR vaccine (1988) were children who could not be vaccinated due to immune deficiencies caused by very serious co morbidities. Measles does not kill healthy children, although this disease requires careful nursing. Dr Wakefield was very unfairly accused of 'murdering' these two children, by putting parents off the MMR vaccine, (remember that CNN Anderson Cooper interview?) One child was 13 years old when he died in 2006. His first MMR vaccination would have been due around 1994-5, at 12-15 months old, a booster around 3 years later, pre-dating the 1998 Wakefield et al paper. These children were unlikely to have caught measles from other children, since single measles vaccine was already part of the UK child immunisation schedule prior to MMR vaccine intro 1988. The extract below makes it clear the reason for non vaccinations in both cases was immune deficiencies. Dr Wakefield has ALWAYS advocated vaccinating against measles, but suggested a return to single vaccines pending more MMR vaccine safety studies:- 
 “Another lesson learned is that, if large measles outbreaks are occurring anywhere in the world, the viruses are soon detected almost everywhere. Measles transmission can occur anywhere, and molecular techniques are often the only method for identifying the source of an outbreak or isolated case when standard case reporting fails to identify a source. Exposures can occur in airports or other areas frequented by international travelers, such as amusement parks, conferences, and sporting events. In 2005, sequence information was used to link cases that occurred in the Netherlands to an exposure in an airport in the United States [25], whereas in 2007, sequence data were used to link cases that occurred in Texas and Michigan to an imported case at an international youth sporting event in Pennsylvania [26, 27].”
The excellent comments below were sent to me in response to my article today.  I have asked the author for permission to post them here on AoA, and permission has been granted. This person is an advocate who has worked with hundreds of families who have children with disabilities to help them make their own choices for treatment with ABA and other necessary medical treatments.  Here are the person's comments:
 The question for parents to answer must be with the risks in either direction of outcome taken as a certainty to be sure that the consequences are tolerable.  It is gambling, so the player must be able to tolerate the loss of the entire bounty used for a wager even if odds seem good.
A 1 in 2500 chance just for a seizure from MMR, or seizure that develops into a chronic disorder, is one child in a packed high school gymnasium for a school rally.  Which one will it be and how will we choose who?  Does it matter that the number may change to 1 in 2000 or 1 in 500?  What is the correct number of intended consequences of the decision to vaccinate every student?  Vaccine injury is an intended, unavoidable consequence of a mass vaccination program.
No one can routinely identify what measles is, yet the mainstream insist on mass vaccination for it as a belief system that is impervious to intellectual analysis of risk versus reward using data.  Everyone should know exactly what each disease is prior to making a decision about how to prevent it with a potentially toxic or deadly medication.
If new parents don’t know that children under two have immature immune systems that may not be resilient enough to withstand common infections, then please begin the education campaign to teach about disease prevention and personal responsibility.  Going with a baby to Disneyland and the airports to travel to Disneyland, which are international petri dishes, is a protected civil right, but so is the responsibility to make the decision about the risks in doing so.
And the big message for all healthcare providers and government agencies is GIVE US THE UNADULTERATED TRUTH so we can make our own decisions whatever they may be.  Don’t lie to us and patronize us like small children who should not hear the details of how the sausage is made. 
Any doctor who tells an individual patient that all vaccines are “safe and effective” is lazily parroting the CDC, being coerced by health employer quotas and peer pressure, or is a believer of a philosophical construct of any means to reach an end, as the government’s own data on public databases clearly states that vaccines are neither safe nor effective when the commonly understood definitions are applied.  
The end state by all roads is that parents must gamble, use healthy lifestyle practices, and then hope that it all works out.  That is the best that any of us can do.
 Are you kidding? All the VACCINATED people are spreading not only measles but any other live virus illness including the flu right now. That's the problem.  Also, people, specifically children are contracting the illness from the vaccination they have been given. It's interesting what family members in the medical community that work in clinic will tell you. My nieces tell me when pediatricians see kids with the exact same symptoms, labs and history, they would diagnose the un-vaccinated kids with the apparent disease, e.g. "measles," but the vaccinated would be diagnosed as "viral syndrome, NOS."  This was on the basis that they assumed the vaccinated kids could NOT possibly have the disease! I'm told this is standard practice. So the percentage of vaccinated children who get the diseases may in fact be much higher than what we are told. 
 Here are examples of measles outbreaks in fully vaccinated populations:
 -NY Measles outbreak: 26 cases total. 14 adults and 12 children. Patient Zero is a 22 year old VACCINATED young lady who contracted measles in 2011.  Vaccination status of the adults all vaccinated  with at least i shot. The children, 4 were too young to get the MMR, 6 were vaccinated and 2 unvaccinated. Statically that means at least 90% were vaccinated. 
 -PLoS study: "Difficulties in eliminating measles and controlling rubella and mumps: a cross-sectional study of a first measles and rubella vaccination and a second measles, mumps, and rubella vaccination," has brought to light the glaring ineffectiveness of two measles vaccines (measles–rubella (MR) or measles–mumps–rubella (MMR) ) in fulfilling their widely claimed promise of preventing outbreaks in highly vaccine compliant populations.
China has one of the most vaccination compliant populations in the world. In fact, measles vaccine is mandatory. So why have they had over 700 measles outbreaks from 2009 and 2012 alone? "The reported coverage of the measles-rubella (MR) or measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) vaccine is greater than 99.0% in Zhejiang province. However, the incidence of measles, mumps, and rubella remains high."
 Boulianne N, De Serres G, Duval B, Joly JR, Meyer F, Déry P, Alary M, Le Hénaff D, Thériault N. Département de santé communautaire, Centre Hospitalier de l'Université Laval. [Major measles epidemic in the region of Quebec despite a 99% vaccine coverage] [Article in French]. Can J Public health. 1991 May-Jun;82(3):189-90.
 Detection of measles vaccine in the throat of a vaccinated child.
 Measles vaccine is widely used, most often in association with mumps and rubella vaccines. We report here the case of a child presenting with fever 8 days after vaccination with a measles-mumps-rubella vaccine. Measles virus was isolated in a throat swab taken 4 days after fever onset. This virus was then further genetically characterised as a vaccine-type virus. Fever occurring subsequent to measles vaccination is related to the replication of the live attenuated vaccine virus. In the case presented here, the vaccine virus was isolated in the throat, showing that subcutaneous injection of an attenuated measles strain can result in respiratory excretion of this virus.  (This means this child is contagious)
 Prolonged measles virus shedding in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children, detected by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction.
 -Rash in a 15 month old girl: A 15 month old white girl became unwell on the day after she
 characteristic morphology, distribution, and progression (fig 1)of a measles rash.
 Excretion of small amounts of the live attenuated rubella virus from the nose or throat has occurred in the majority of susceptible individuals 7 to 28 days after vaccination. 
Dr. Gregory Poland stated in the conclusion of a paper he co-wrote in 1994: 
 The apparent paradox is that as measles immunization rates rise to high levels in a population, measles becomes a disease of immunized persons. Because of the failure rate of the vaccine and the unique transmissibility of the measles virus, the currently available measles vaccine, used in a single-dose strategy, is unlikely to completely eliminate measles. The long-term success of a two-dose strategy to eliminate measles remains to be determined.
 Poland confirms the vaccine is failing and his answer is “we need a new measles vaccine“. 
 Professor Poland’s paper from 2012: The Re-Emergence of Measles in Developed Countries: Time to Develop the Next-Generation Measles Vaccines? quote: To make matters worse, even when the vaccine takes, the protection quickly wanes, making it unrealistic to achieve the 95%-plus level of immunity in the general population thought necessary to protect public health. 
 Why is Dr. Professor Polands comments so vital?  Poland is Professor of Medicine and founder and leader of Mayo Clinic’s Vaccine Research Group.
1st post?
 http://www.eurosurveillance.org/ViewArticle.aspx?ArticleId=20649
It is a great piece! I would go beyond the premise that it is probably an instance of the vaccinated spreading vaccine-strain measles virus to all and sundry. That might be the case, but I think it's more probable that it's going to turn out to be natural measles infecting all these people. Maybe it's mutated a little so that the vaccine no longer protects against it. While everything you said about live virus vaccines being possibly contagious is true, I think it is more important not to even worry about the vaccine's role, and instead ask people to look at the outcomes and decide whether it is even worth getting a dangerous vaccine to attempt to protect against such a mild disease. Apparently the outbreak at Disneyland started in December, so that's been plenty of time to do the body count of the myriad people killed or permanently damaged by getting natural measles. What? None? Are you sure? Are the media just not doing their job, and they're somehow letting the dozens of deaths or cases of encephalitis go unreported? I don't think so. I think the REALLY important thing here is to tell people to watch. One person after another sick with a high fever for several days and then? Well, gosh darn it, they get well and go back to work or school, how are we going to spin that to keep people in the vaccine lines? 
The WHO declared Measles eradicated in the year 2000 from what I've read but I can't find an information on what the criteria was to declare the eradication.  One comment I read stated the criteria was in the year 2000 there were no measles cased around the world so the WHO declared them gone. If this is so why hasn't any reporter researched the CDC's National Vital Statics Report which shows there were 86 cases? Since this is the CDC I am assuming lab confirmed in 2000. I know for Polio the diagnostic criteria was changed which is why TPTB are not calling EV-D68 what is is - Polio so perhaps the same thing happened with measles?  If anyone has any information on the WHO criteria for eradication of a illness or disease please post it.  I'd be very interested to research it further.   
