 	     Chickenpox is caused by the varicella-zoster virus (VZV) and it is a highly infectious disease that usually causes an itchy red rash with blisters. It is one of the most common childhood diseases, although it can affect adults as well. Most people recover fully from chickenpox, but it can cause complications. A child with chickenpox can miss up to two weeks of school. 
 Immunisation against chickenpox is included in the combination measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (MMRV) vaccine for children at 18 months. Until the end of 2017, the varicella vaccine (VV) is also r offered to all 12-13 year old adolescents in year 7 of secondary school through a school-based catch-up program.
 Immunisation can prevent serious medical complications. For children who have not had chickenpox, the vaccine can help protect them against serious complications associated with chickenpox and protect them from developing shingles later in life. Immunised children who get chickenpox generally have a much milder form of the disease. They have fewer skin lesions, a lower fever and recover more quickly.
 Research shows that two doses of chickenpox vaccine in children provides increased protection and reduces the risk of chickenpox occurring at a later time. The government funds one free dose of chickenpox vaccine and a parent can purchase, on prescription, a second dose four to six weeks later if they wish.
 Immunisation against chickenpox is provided free of charge to children under the National Immunisation Program Schedule. Either of two vaccines are used depending on age. The first is a combined vaccine containing protection against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (MMRV) given at 18 months of age. The second is the varicella vaccine (VV), which immunises only against chickenpox given in year 7 of secondary school or at 12-13 years of age. 
 Other adults with no reliable history of chickenpox disease can have a blood test to check their immunity and if they are not immune, they can purchase it with a prescription. MMRV is not recommended for people 14 years and over. People in this age range will be immunised with VV and should be given two doses of VV, one to two months apart. Your immunisation provider can give you more information.
 Both the combination MMRV vaccine and the VV contain a weakened form of VZ that works by causing the body to produce its own antibodies to protect against the virus.
 If you are thinking of becoming pregnant or you are early in your pregnancy, your healthcare professional can check your immunity with a blood test. If you are not immune and not pregnant, you may decide to receive the VV before you become pregnant. The MMRV vaccine is not recommended for people 14 years and over.
 If you are not immune during your pregnancy, you should avoid contact with people who have known cases of chickenpox. Contact your doctor, midwife or hospital as soon as possible if you are exposed to anyone with chickenpox. 
 The chickenpox vaccine is effective and safe, but all medications can have unwanted side effects. Side effects from chickenpox vaccine can occur five to 26 days after immunisation and include a mild chickenpox-like rash, usually at the injection site, but occasionally elsewhere on the body.
 Common side effects following immunisation are usually mild and temporary (occurring in the first few days after vaccination).
 If the side effect following immunisation is unexpected, persistent or severe, or if you are worried about yourself or your child’s condition after immunisation, see your doctor or immunisation nurse as soon as possible or go directly to a hospital.
 Immunisation side effects may be reported to the Victorian vaccine safety service, the central reporting service in Victoria on (03) 9345 4143. You can discuss with your immunisation provider how to report adverse events in other states or territories. It is also important to seek medical advice if you (or your child) are unwell, as this may be due to other illness, rather than because of the immunisation.
 There is a very small risk of a serious allergic reaction (anaphylaxis) to any vaccine. This is why you are advised to stay at the clinic or medical surgery for at least 15 minutes following immunisation in case further treatment is required. Apart from anaphylaxis, other extremely rare side effects include thrombocytopenia (bleeding caused by insufficient blood platelets).
 The immunisations you may need are decided by your health, age, lifestyle and occupation. Together, these factors are referred to as HALO.
 Talk to your doctor or immunisation provider if you think you or someone in your care has health, age, lifestyle or occupation factors that could mean immunisation is necessary. You can check your immunisation HALO using the Immunisation for Life infographic (pdf) downloadable poster. 
